Add EMAIL_BACKEND configuration variable (#5376)
indico/indico: docs/source/config/settings.rst

Emails
------

.. data:: EMAIL_BACKEND

>     Qualified name for the email back-end which will handle emails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Qualified import name for the email sending backend. It can be set to any email
    backend compatible with Django Mail.
```
